login as: ozzy
    ┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
    │                 • MobaXterm Personal Edition v23.4 •                 │
    │               (SSH client, X server and network tools)               │
    │                                                                      │
    │ ⮞ SSH session to ozzy@192.168.68.82                                  │
    │   • Direct SSH      :  ✓                                             │
    │   • SSH compression :  ✓                                             │
    │   • SSH-browser     :  ✓                                             │
    │   • X11-forwarding  :  ✓  (remote display is forwarded through SSH)  │
    │                                                                      │
    │ ⮞ For more info, ctrl+click on help or visit our website.            │
    └──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

Linux rokky 5.10.110-21-rockchip #d4b5d0d1d SMP Thu Nov 9 07:07:47 UTC 2023 aarch64

The programs included with the Debian GNU/Linux system are free software;
the exact distribution terms for each program are described in the
individual files in /usr/share/doc/*/copyright.

Debian GNU/Linux comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY, to the extent
permitted by applicable law.
Last login: Mon Nov 27 04:19:57 2023 from 192.168.68.76
ozzy@rokky:~$ sudo apt update
[sudo] password for ozzy:
Hit:1 http://apt.radxa.com/bullseye-testing bullseye InRelease
Hit:2 https://radxa-repo.github.io/bullseye rockchip-bullseye InRelease
Hit:3 https://radxa-repo.github.io/bullseye bullseye InRelease
Hit:4 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye InRelease
Get:5 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-backports InRelease [49.0 kB]
Get:6 https://deb.debian.org/debian-security bullseye-security InRelease [48.4 kB]
Get:7 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-updates InRelease [44.1 kB]
Get:8 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-backports/main arm64 Packages.diff/Index [63.3 kB]
Get:9 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-backports/main Translation-en.diff/Index [63.3 kB]
Get:10 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-backports/main arm64 Packages T-2023-11-27-2006.37-F-2023-11-27-2006.37.pdiff [2,463 B]
Get:10 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-backports/main arm64 Packages T-2023-11-27-2006.37-F-2023-11-27-2006.37.pdiff [2,463 B]
Get:11 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-backports/main Translation-en T-2023-11-27-2006.37-F-2023-11-27-2006.37.pdiff [552 B]
Get:11 https://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-backports/main Translation-en T-2023-11-27-2006.37-F-2023-11-27-2006.37.pdiff [552 B]
Get:12 https://deb.debian.org/debian-security bullseye-security/main arm64 Packages [255 kB]
Get:13 https://deb.debian.org/debian-security bullseye-security/main Translation-en [167 kB]
Fetched 693 kB in 3s (227 kB/s)
Reading package lists... Done
Building dependency tree... Done
Reading state information... Done
2 packages can be upgraded. Run 'apt list --upgradable' to see them.
ozzy@rokky:~$ sudo apt upgrade -y
Reading package lists... Done
Building dependency tree... Done
Reading state information... Done
Calculating upgrade... Done
The following packages were automatically installed and are no longer required:
  apache2-bin apache2-data apache2-utils libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3
  libaprutil1-ldap
Use 'sudo apt autoremove' to remove them.
The following packages will be upgraded:
  libnghttp2-14 libtiff5
The following packages will be DOWNGRADED:
  libdvbv5-0 libv4l2rds0 libv4lconvert0
2 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 3 downgraded, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
E: Packages were downgraded and -y was used without --allow-downgrades.
ozzy@rokky:~$ sudo apt autoremove
Reading package lists... Done
Building dependency tree... Done
Reading state information... Done
The following packages will be REMOVED:
  apache2-bin apache2-data apache2-utils libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3
  libaprutil1-ldap
0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 5 to remove and 5 not upgraded.
After this operation, 6,227 kB disk space will be freed.
Do you want to continue? [Y/n] y
(Reading database ... 166667 files and directories currently installed.)
Removing apache2-bin (2.4.56-1~deb11u2) ...
dpkg: warning: while removing apache2-bin, directory '/var/lib/apache2' not empty so not removed
Removing apache2-data (2.4.56-1~deb11u2) ...
Removing apache2-utils (2.4.56-1~deb11u2) ...
Removing libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3:arm64 (1.6.1-5+deb11u1) ...
Removing libaprutil1-ldap:arm64 (1.6.1-5+deb11u1) ...
Processing triggers for man-db (2.9.4-2) ...
ozzy@rokky:~$ sudo apt autoclean
Reading package lists... Done
Building dependency tree... Done
Reading state information... Done
ozzy@rokky:~$ git clone https://github.com/roster210/markdownpagesINFOTC1600.git
Cloning into 'markdownpagesINFOTC1600'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 13, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (13/13), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (11/11), done.
remote: Total 13 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
Receiving objects: 100% (13/13), 5.19 KiB | 1.73 MiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), done.
ozzy@rokky:~$ cd "/home/ozzy/markdownpagesINFOTC1600/"
ozzy@rokky:~/markdownpagesINFOTC1600$ ls -a
 .    3d-printing.md         .git                         README.md
 ..  'Armbian OS Guide.md'  'Klipper Firmware Guide.md'   sbc.md
ozzy@rokky:~/markdownpagesINFOTC1600$ cd ~
ozzy@rokky:~$ "/home/ozzy/markdownpagesINFOTC1600/"

